document house prediction (#574)
flyteorg/flytesnacks: cookbook/case_studies/ml_training/house_price_prediction/README.rst

House Price Regression
-----------------------

House Price Regression refers to the prediction of house prices based on various factors, using the XGBoost Regression model (in our case).
In this example, we will train our data on the XGBoost model to predict house prices in multiple regions.

> Generally, this can be accomplished using any regression model in Machine Learning.

Reviewer: Can we remove this line? I don't think it's necessary.

.. _flyte's-role:

> Where does Flyte fit in?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where Does Flyte Fit In?
```

==========================
- Orchestrates the machine learning pipeline.

> - Helps cache the output state between the steps (tasks as per Flyte).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Helps cache the output state between :py:func:`task <flytekit:flytekit.task>`s
```

- Easier backtracking to the error source.

> - Provides a Rich UI (if the Flyte backend is enabled) to view and manage the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provides a Rich UI to view and manage the pipeline.
```

> A typical house price prediction model isn’t dynamic, but a task has to be dynamic when multiple regions are involved. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A typical house price prediction model isn’t dynamic, but when multiple regions are involved, to iterate through the regions within the Flyte pipeline, the concerning Flyte task has to be :py:func:`~flytekit:flytekit.dynamic`. 
```

> To learn more about dynamic workflows, refer to `Write a dynamic task <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/cookbook/en/latest/auto/core/control_flow/dynamics.html#dynamic-workflows>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip::
    Refer to :ref:`sphx_glr_auto_core_control_flow_dynamics.py` section to learn more about dynamic workflows. 
```

Dataset
========

> There is no built-in dataset that could be employed to build this model. A dataset will have to be created, possibly using this reference model on `Github <https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-sagemaker-examples/blob/master/advanced_functionality/multi_model_xgboost_home_value/xgboost_multi_model_endpoint_home_value.ipynb>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dataset to build the XGBoost model will have to be created using this reference model on `Github <https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-sagemaker-examples/blob/master/advanced_functionality/multi_model_xgboost_home_value/xgboost_multi_model_endpoint_home_value.ipynb>`__.
```

The dataset will have the following columns:

- Price

- House Size

- Number of Bedrooms

- Year Built

- Number of Bathrooms

- Number of Garage Spaces

> - Lot Size

Reviewer: A newline isn't required between list items. A newline at the top should be sufficient.

Steps to Build the Machine Learning Pipeline
==============================================
- Generate the dataset, and split it into train, validation, and test subsets
- Fit the XGBoost model to the data

> - Generate predictions

Reviewer: I think we can remove this section as this is the typical ML flow. We need not specifically say this is what we are doing. What do you think?

Steps to Make the Pipeline Flyte-Compatible
=============================================
- Create two Python files to segregate the house price prediction logic. One consists of the logic per region, and the other one works for multiple regions.
- Define a couple of helper functions that will be used while defining Flyte tasks and workflows.
- Define three Flyte tasks -- 
	1. to generate and split the data;
	2. fit the model;
	3. generate predictions;
- If there are multiple regions, the tasks are `dynamic <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/cookbook/en/latest/auto/core/control_flow/dynamics.html#dynamic-workflows>`__ in nature.

> - Define a workflow to call the dynamic tasks in a specified order.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this section as well.
